[DOCS-9444] adding failed connections to NPM setup page (#26221)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/setup.md

{{< /site-region >}}

### Failed connections 

> To enable the Agent to start collecting data around failed connections, add the following setting to your `/etc/datadog-agent/system-probe.yaml` file (`C:\ProgramData\Datadog\system-probe.yaml` for Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Agent to start collecting data about failed connections, add the following setting to your `/etc/datadog-agent/system-probe.yaml` file (or `C:\ProgramData\Datadog\system-probe.yaml` for Windows).
```
